(Chuu's outdoor photo shoot!)
(It looks warm on a screen...)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/Yves&Chuu - Girl's Talk"
Chuu: Thank you~ It was really warm~!
(But actually it’s minus 7 degrees…)
Chuu: It’s fun. I'm not cold~
Chuu: Ah, really? Minus 7 degrees?
Chuu: It didn’t seem like that at all!
ViVi: Ah, really~
ViVI: Really~? It didn’t seem like that~
JinSoul: I have a big red ribbon
Choerry: Hey~
Choerry: I’m Choerry!
(The girls hang out so well every shooting place!)
JinSoul: Suddenly you’re getting in the mood, right?
Choerry: Just a concept~
JinSoul: Do you want to do a photo shoot today?
Choerry: Absolutely~
Choerry: I’m dying to do it!
(So they decided to take pictures of each other...)
JinSoul: The ribbon is really big!